[docs] Migrate Getting Started section (#255)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/overview/overview.md

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/overview/DataGridDemo.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Commercial version ⚡️

> The following grid displays 31 columns and 100,000 rows, it's over 3 million cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following grid displays 31 columns and 100,000 rows - over 3 million cells in total.
```
